bin: add yargs and refactor (#3)
pkgjs/dependents: README.md

{"firebase-functions":{"downloads":433052,"forks":100,"stars":707,"watchers":109,"url":"github.com/firebase/firebase-functions"}}
```

JSON output only

```sh
dependents --package express --number 5 --sort downloads --total 25 --json

[
  {
    'webpack-dev-server': {
      downloads: 7492143,
      forks: 1023,
      stars: 6264,
      watchers: 116,
      url: 'github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server'
    }
  },
  {
    'webpack-bundle-analyzer': {
      downloads: 3031281,
      forks: 290,
      stars: 9863,
      watchers: 97,
      url: 'github.com/webpack-contrib/webpack-bundle-analyzer'
    }
  },
  {
    'apollo-server-express': {
      downloads: 1032911,
      forks: 1318,
      stars: 9604,
      watchers: 216,
      url: 'github.com/apollographql/apollo-server'
    }
  },
  {
    gatsby: {
      downloads: 444063,
      forks: 7870,
      stars: 44480,
      watchers: 977,
      url: 'github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby'
    }
  },
  {
    'firebase-functions': {
      downloads: 433052,
      forks: 100,
      stars: 707,
      watchers: 109,
      url: 'github.com/firebase/firebase-functions'
    }
  }
]
```

> Note you need a GtiHub personal token called GITHUB_TOKEN to use this tool. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that to use this tool you need a GitHub personal token set as an environment variable named GITHUB_TOKEN. For
```

Typo and clarify how needs to be set.
